[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: So Billy's asking
about hash as a service worker.
Those hashes are invalidated
every time that, or
are updated every time
you rerun the build.
So you run the build,
the hashes get updated.
The service worker gets
updated as well and
then when it gets loaded into the browser,
that script is going to take
this service record cache and
remove anything that isn't in that
list of assets in the service worker.
And so, basically it just takes care
of everything and then preloads
all the new assets that it didn't have
before and it loads those into the cache.
So it'll work offline.
And then Alberto asks, what's
the advantage of creating a pre-deploy
task instead of calling build and deploy.
So you could totally do that.
I like how npm scripts
kind of compose together.
It makes sense in my mind but yeah.
I don't really see anything
wrong with just doing like.
You could totally just do, oops,
npm run, build and deploy.
Either way works.
And then Danielle is asking, Kent,
you mentioned you're using an alternative
solution to DLLs/prefetch.
Can you tell a little bit more?
That different solution is the offline
mode, so I don't need to prefetch modules.
The idea behind the prevention
module is you're on the login page,
go fetch the rest of this stuff.
This offline plugin is doing that for me.
Because I get to the login screen,
I get all the stuff that I need, and
while I'm filling in the form,
it's pre-fetching all my stuff.
So I don't need the pre-fetch plugin
when I'm using offline plugin.
Although, if you do want to support
browsers that don't support service
worker, and you you don't want
to use app cache, then the prefetch
plugin could be useful in that scenario.
But I don't have an example of that,
sorry.
So Scott is asking,
what are the main reasons you have
stopped using SAS in favor of actual CSS?
So actually to be totally clear
I don't actually use actual CSS,
I don't use CSS files anymore.
So this is just my opportunity to
tell you about something that I love.
It's Aphrodite, and
no it's not a woman, I am married.
No, it is a library for CSS and JS.
And the cool thing about it is,
so you're doing the CSS and
JS that the React developers
have come to love, and
some other communities
are starting to get into.
But the cool thing about
it is that it doesn't have
the drawbacks of in line styles.
Some of the drawbacks of in line styles,
and
by in line styling I mean a style you just
put right here, foo is bar, whatever.
Some of the drawbacks are if you have
a long list and you put an inline style on
every element in that list or even worse,
a grid and inline styles in every cell of
that grid and elements inside those cells,
that's a performance drain big time.
So that's yeah,
that's one area where it's really bad.
Also to support stuff like hover States or
pseudo States and pseudo elements
in media queries requires JavaScript tax
and dependencies on frameworks like React.
So like Radium is a really
popular solution for CSS and JS.
But it's dependent on React because it
has to hook into React lifecycle hooks to
support pseudo elements,
pseudo states and media queries.
So Aphrodite takes your JavaScript object
and generates actual CSS with it and
it sticks it into a style
tag that it creates.
And this happens dynamically if
performance becomes an issue with that
dynamic in this, then you can do server
rendering and it's lightning fast.
Javascriptair.com, most of it is using
Aphrodite because it works with server
rendering really well.
So there are lots of different things
about CSS and JS that I could talk about.
One of my favorite parts about it is
the explicit dependency aspect of it.
I just I really like that, CSS modules is
cool but it ties you down to a bundler.
Javascriptair.com doesn't
use a bundler at all.
It's all just statically generated it,
doesn't have a need for webpack cuz it's,
you're not actually bundling assets,
you're just generating HTML.
And so I don't have to use webpack to
get the value of explicit dependencies.
The other thing is doing CSS and JS allows
you to use an actual language like a real
language that's turning complete,
rather than something like CSS or
SAS or Stylus that gives
the appearance of language but
is not actually have all of the full
features that you could get in JavaScript.
So, and then most people, when they think
about this, their mind is racing like,
well, what about variables and what about
like sharing mixins and stuff like that?
And I normally just say,
stop and hold on for a second.
It's just JavaScript, so variables,
JavaScript has got them and mixins.
Those are functions, and
sharing things from one file to another.
Those are modules and so,
once you start to think about it,
it becomes really awesome.
And I seriously diverted from
the topic of webpack but
this is something that I really love.
So thanks for bearing with me.
[LAUGH] So any other questions?
We're pretty much, actually,
looks like Oscar has a question.
This service worker is minified,
how do I get unminified to read it?
I'm just guessing here, but
I'm fairly certain that if you run
the build without the dash-P flag,
then it's not gonna minify anything.
And I expect that you should be able to,
or just nmp start.
And we'll go to local host.
And if we pop open Sources, Service.
Actually, well, hold on.
Just kidding, it looks like
it's minified in here as well.
So maybe you could go
to the source code and
look at what the service
worker looks like there.
Hold on a second, that looks incorrect.
Actually, sorry one other thing
that you need to do in here is
fix the source maps in
your webpack config,
>> Kent C Dodds: To use eval instead,
>> Kent C Dodds: And then we, oops,
run the build and I would expect
that it would be unminified and
if it's not, then you can go
ask an issues on that project.
So if you go to a service worker.
Yes, still minified.
Sorry, I guess I just really
care about minifying your stuff.